# **Analyzing Google Play Store data**

*Have you ever wanted to build an app and hoped to be the next Mark Zuckerberg? Create an app used by millions of people. Here we will give you some insights and tools to build an app. We build our website in order to help future and current entrepreneurs to succeed in the Android Application market. Because reaching a desired audience can be hard, especially in a highly competitive market like this one. We also focus on estimating the potential revenue generated by your project, because money matters!*

We built 3 interactive views and a dashboard in order to help future developpers that wish to enter the Android App Market. These views and the dashboard can assist developpers in understanding their competition, identifying gaps in the market , and optimizing their app's performance. They can also provide valuable insights to researchers and analysts, who can use this data to draw conclusions about tends in the app market, user preferences, and the overall health of the mobile app industry.

Thanks to our views, we are able to:
- help developpers determine the most profitable app category
- give an order of magnitude of the scope of app advertising
- estimate the total revenue of application per category

A recording of the demonstration of the dashboard and its interaction is available on Youtube here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NmWWW8chTo

The dataset consists of more than 10,000 apps distributed among 33 categories. The data were scraped from the Google PlayStore in August 2021. Youc an find the dataset here : https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lava18/google-play-store-apps
